Improve troubleshooting unknown interactions (#56)
discord-jda/JDA-Website: docs/using-jda/troubleshooting.md

## Interactions and Slash Commands

### The application did not respond
This means you didn't acknowledge or reply to an interaction in time. You only have **3 seconds** to reply or acknowledge.
You have to use `event.deferReply().queue()`, `event.deferEdit().queue()`, `event.editMessage(...).queue()`,
or `event.reply(...).queue()`. (If you don't `queue()` it won't do it)
<br>**Make sure your event listener code is executed.**

### Unknown Interaction

> This exception can happen due to two reasons:

Reviewer: I always add an empty line after a heading

#### The interaction took longer than **3 seconds** to be acknowledged

> Reasons this took too long include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Possible reasons why your response was too slow:
```

- JDA's WebSocket thread was blocked for too long, when you see the `This application did not respond` on Discord, 
make a thread dump and look at the stack trace around `JDA MainWS-ReadThread` to see where it may have blocked
- Your interaction took too long to acknowledge, you can use `event.deferReply(boolean).queue()` to extend the response time to 15 minutes

!!! tip "Making a thread dump"

    You can make a thread dump by first getting your "Process ID" using `jps -l`,
    which should be next to your main class/jar,

>     and use it with `jstack -l <pid>`.

Reviewer: We also have this in the [FAQ](https://jda.wiki/introduction/faq/)

#### The interaction was acknowledged by another process running the same bot
You can confirm this by checking if your bot replied,
or the three dots in a button disappeared without saying `This interaction failed`,
or you see '[Bot] is thinking...' for more than 3 seconds.

To resolve this, try stopping all current processes for the bot that could be responsible, or resetting your bot token.

!!! tip "Resetting your token"

>     You can reset your token on [your dashboard](https://discord.com/developers/applications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can reset your token in your [application dashboard](https://discord.com/developers/applications).
```
